Sentinel: Add details on updated provider_name field for TF 0.13 (#1455)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/sentinel/import/tfplan-v2.html.md

  allows the provider to be interpreted unambiguously in the unusual situation
  where a provider offers a resource type whose name does not start with its own
  name, such as the `googlebeta` provider offering `google_compute_instance`.

> -> Starting with Terraform 0.13, the `provider_name` field will contain the
> _full_ source address to the provider in the Terraform Registry. Example:
> `registry.terraform.io/hashicorp/null` for the null provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -> **Note:** Starting with Terraform 0.13, the `provider_name` field contains the
    _full_ source address to the provider in the Terraform Registry. Example:
    `registry.terraform.io/hashicorp/null` for the null provider.
```

- Adding the conventional "**Note:**" prefix we use for blue callout boxes. 
- Present tense, since 0.13 is _on the loose._
- Fixing formatting: indenting by exactly four spaces will keep the note associated with its parent list item, instead of breaking this into two separate unordered lists with a paragraph between them.
